## Translink Team - Running Notes
### 2020-05-04
#### Agenda
- Making Meeting Notes
- Data Access (check in)
- GitHub Repo Access (check in)
- Afternoon tasks
- README
- Repo setup (e.g., https://github.com/throughput-ec/Template)
- Initial EDA
- Prep for 9:45am Call

#### Minutes
- Main points: Meeting notes should use proper headings, have an agenda header, and end with clear action items.
- Can everyone access the data?  Can someone move the data into GitHub?
- Keep the data on S3, use code to access it.
- A small module for both R and Python that has a function to download the data into a `data/remote` folder.
- Does everyone have access to the GitHub repo?
  Yes!
- Who will do what?
- What do you need to ask Translink Folks?

#### Action Items
Brayden - Try to script direct download of S3 data into a data folder in Github
Simardeep - Write code to load and subset the two excel files.
Merve - Set up the repo, readme &cetera
Kirk - Data dictionary (Markdown file, what are the columns, what do they mean?)

For the deliverables, we expect the MDS team to identify patterns between different conditions of claims and provide predictive model to identify claim avoidance opportunities to eventually reduce the cost of insurance and claims.

#### Questions for Translink

- Are we trying to predict accidents or claims?
- In Probation column - what does it refer to exactly?
- Does Preventable/Non Preventable refer to at-fault/not at fault?
- Non-recordables? What does this refer to?
 


  
    