## Call Translink Partners
### 2020-05-05
#### Agenda

- Re-introduction
- Confidentiality document
- Project issues & timing (confidentiality)
- Insurance Claim data
- Data summary - questions and answers, what other data may be useful?
- General problem statement summary & questions

#### Minutes

##### 1. Re-introduction

- Simon Goring - MDS Mentor
- Andrew Hall - Claims Manager
- Brayden - MDS Team Member
- Simardeep - MDS Team Member
- Kirk - MDS Team Member
- Leah Cha - Translink Primary Contact
- Merve - MDS Team Member
- Michelle Chen - Translink BI Analyst
- Saeed Zargari - Translink Data Analyst
- Steve Zorenzo - Translink Insurance and Claims (data owner)

##### 2. Confidentiality

- Personally identifying (or potentially identifying) data should be aggregated.
- Data in transit must be protected, and data on laptops should be encrypted.
- Simon/Tiffany will confirm that data is destroyed at the end of the project.
- Slack discussion should not be used for detailed data discussions or sharing.
- Teams/Skype should be used for data discussions.

##### 3. Project issues & timing (confidentiality)
- A 24hr lead time - with notification to Translink.  Translink will 
- Can we get a sense of what data is more sensitive with respect to Translink.

##### 4. Insurance Claim data - Claims data will come in later today

##### 5. Data summary - questions and answers, what other data may be useful?
- Service performance data (segments)
- When should we intervene with data (do drivers immediately after probation show the most claims?)
- Probation - There is a probationary period for new drivers that lasts approx. 675hrs.  The Probation field indicates whether the driver is in this period or n ot.
- Non-recordable incidents - likely (but not necc.) events which occurred related to a driver, but to which the driver cannot attest (injury following someone departing a stop)
- ON vs. AT in routes.  The bus is running ON a street (Burrard) and an accident occurs AT the cross street.

##### 6. General problem statement summary & questions

- NIS Buses - Do these busses cause more incidents relative to their numbers?
- Weather/Seasonal effects
- Drivers just out of probationary period
- Does speed play an incident? (How do we calculate this - bus speed vs traffic speed)
- Can we cluster the terms in DESCRIPTION CODES
- Are some rates of incidents higher for particular routes vs. trips rates vs other routes
- Bus incidents as a result of acceleration/deceleration in and out of bus stops.


7. Action Items
Team Members: Ensure encryption is turned on with data and data access.
